README.md, before:

# tokio-tungstenite

Asynchronous WebSockets for Tokio stack.

[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tokio-tungstenite.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://crates.io/crates/tokio-tungstenite)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/snapview/tokio-tungstenite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/snapview/tokio-tungstenite)

[Documentation](https://docs.rs/tokio-tungstenite)

## Usage

Add this in your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
tokio-tungstenite = "*"
```

Take a look at the `examples/` directory for client and server examples. You may also want to get familiar with
[Tokio](https://github.com/tokio-rs/tokio) if you don't have any experience with it.

## What is tokio-tungstenite?

This crate is based on [`tungstenite-rs`](https://github.com/snapview/tungstenite-rs) Rust WebSocket library and provides `Tokio` bindings and wrappers for it, so you
can use it with non-blocking/asynchronous `TcpStream`s from and couple it together with other crates from `Tokio` stack.

## Features

As with [`tungstenite-rs`](https://github.com/snapview/tungstenite-rs) TLS is supported on all platforms using [`native-tls`](https://github.com/sfackler/rust-native-tls) or [`rustls`](https://github.com/ctz/rustls) through the `native-tls` and `rustls-tls` feature flags. Neither is enabled by default. If you require support for secure WebSockets (`wss://`) enable one of them.

Commit message:

Update the information on TLS features in README

README.md, after:

# tokio-tungstenite

Asynchronous WebSockets for Tokio stack.

[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tokio-tungstenite.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://crates.io/crates/tokio-tungstenite)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/snapview/tokio-tungstenite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/snapview/tokio-tungstenite)

[Documentation](https://docs.rs/tokio-tungstenite)

## Usage

Add this in your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
tokio-tungstenite = "*"
```

Take a look at the `examples/` directory for client and server examples. You may also want to get familiar with
[Tokio](https://github.com/tokio-rs/tokio) if you don't have any experience with it.

## What is tokio-tungstenite?

This crate is based on [`tungstenite-rs`](https://github.com/snapview/tungstenite-rs) Rust WebSocket library and provides `Tokio` bindings and wrappers for it, so you
can use it with non-blocking/asynchronous `TcpStream`s from and couple it together with other crates from `Tokio` stack.

## Features

As with [`tungstenite-rs`](https://github.com/snapview/tungstenite-rs) TLS is supported on all platforms using [`native-tls`](https://github.com/sfackler/rust-native-tls) or [`rustls`](https://github.com/ctz/rustls) through feature flags: `native-tls`, `rustls-tls-native-roots` or `rustls-tls-webpki-roots` feature flags. Neither is enabled by default. See the `Cargo.toml` for more information. If you require support for secure WebSockets (`wss://`) enable one of them.
